$PACKAGES $REQUIRES and $COLLECTIONS - system variables
extracting keywords from the identifier names in those statements

We define “more effective”
in terms of three criteria: programmers find the documenta-
tion’s method summaries to be more helpful in understand-
ing 1) what the methods do internally, 2) why the methods
exist, and 3) how to use the methods.



J. Krinke. Effects of context on program slicing. J.
Syst. Softw., 79(9):1249–1260, Sept. 2006.
How to get informations from the context



Software Word Usage Model (SWUM) [17],
the design of Natural Language Generation (NLG) systems
[39], and the algorithm PageRank [27]. These techniques
were proposed and evaluated elsewhere. We emphasize them
here because they are important concepts for our approach.
[17]
E. Hill, L. Pollock, and K. Vijay-Shanker.
Automatically capturing source code context of
nl-queries for software maintenance and reuse. In
Proceedings of the 31st International Conference on
Software Engineering, ICSE ’09, pages 232–242,
Washington, DC, USA, 2009. IEEE Computer Society.
[39]
E. Reiter and R. Dale. Building natural language
generation systems. Cambridge University Press, New
York, NY, USA, 2000.
[27]
A. N. Langville and C. D. Meyer. Google’s PageRank
and Beyond: The Science of Search Engine Rankings.
Princeton University Press, Princeton, NJ, USA, 2006.


The final component of NLG is the Surface Realizer. The
surface realizer generates natural language sentences from
the phrases.

Marke the most important commands in phases and try to extract keywords, use custom
NLG to generate doc in english human language 


A. Gatt and E. Reiter. Simplenlg: a realisation engine
for practical applications. In Proceedings of the 12th
European Workshop on Natural Language Generation,
ENLG ’09, pages 90–93, Stroudsburg, PA, USA, 2009.
Association for Computational Linguistics.


L. Moreno, J. Aponte, S. Giriprasad, A. Marcus,
L. Pollock, and K. Vijay-Shanker. Automatic
generation of natural language summaries for java
classes.
